
something - Mohammed
user stories:
 
1. To test user registration and login - 2 story points
2. Product browsing and details page - 5 story points
3. To test Checkout and orders. - 2 story points
4. test user profile - 3 story points
5. ratings and reviews. - 1 story point.

user story 1:
As a user I want to be able to enter my email and phone on the registration and login page. so that I get into the login page. 

Acceptance criteria: 
.
Given I have the user registration and login page I will enter my email and password to signup and login
when I enter my password incorrectly I will test if its throwing an incorrect password message. 
then I will try login with my otp 
and check if its securely logging in to the website. 

estimation : 3 story points

user story 2:

As a user I want to be able to test the list of products and a search bar to search the product and details
so that I can add the orders to my cart. 

acceptance criteria:

Given I have the product browsing and detail page 
when I search a product in the search bar it should navigate to the product details page
then I can view the product specifics 
and product availability.

estimation: 5 story points

user story 3 :
As a user I want to be able to test by adding products 
to the check out page so that it will take me to the 
payments page and place an order. 

acceptance criteria:

given I have tested the check out page and payments page
when I add the products to the checkout page it should navigate me
to the checkout 
then if clicked on place order it should navigate to payment page 
and upon successful payment place an order. 

estimation: 3 story points

user story 4: 

as a user i want to be able to test the user profile page so that
i can manage addresses and view order history. 

acceptance criteria:

given I have the user profile page 
when i add my address  
then I will test to see if it is updating my address 
and showing my order history.

estimation: 2 story points

user story 5:
as a user I want to be able to test if i can add my review and feedback without 
being a registered user and being a registered user. 

acceptance criteria:

Given I have the ratings and feedback page. 
when I leave a review without being a user it should not take the review 
and when I leave a review as a user
then my review should be updated. 
